docs: added content for PEM-3770 (#1690)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes.md

- The previous support widget used to create support tickets has been replaced with a new and improved widget. Use the new widget to create support tickets, access the Palette documentation, and more. 

#### Known Issues

> - When conducting [OS Patching](./clusters/cluster-management/os-patching.md), sometimes the patching process can timeout and fail. This issue is due to some OS patches requiring GRUB packages. GRUB updates often require user prompts, and if a user prompt is required during the OS patching process, the patching process will fail. Refer to the [Nodes and Clusters](./troubleshooting/nodes.md#os-patch-fails) for guidance on resolving this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When conducting [OS Patching](./clusters/cluster-management/os-patching.md), sometimes the patching process can time out and fail. This issue is due to some OS patches requiring GRUB packages. GRUB updates often require user prompts, and if a user prompt is required during the OS patching process, the patching process will fail. Refer to the [Nodes and Clusters](./troubleshooting/nodes.md#os-patch-fails) for guidance on fixing this issue.
```
